Clarify b3 debug flag and parent span id handling (#1045)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/context/api-propagators.md

### B3 Requirements

B3 has both single and multi-header encodings. It also has semantics that do not
map directly to OpenTelemetry such as a debug trace flag, and allowing spans
from both sides of request to share the same id. To maximize compatibility
between OpenTelemetry and Zipkin implementations, the following guidelines have
been established for B3 context propagation.

#### Extract

When extracting B3, propagators:

* MUST attempt to extract B3 encoded using single and multi-header

>   formats. When extracting, the single-header variant takes precedence over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  formats. The single-header variant takes precedence over
```

We are in extract() here.

  the multi-header version.
* MUST preserve a debug trace flag, if received, and propagate
  it with subsequent requests. Internally, an OpenTelemetry implementation

>   MUST convert this to a sampled trace flag.

Reviewer: So it is preserved by mapping it to sampled? How does inject distinguish a "normal" sampled span, from one with debug flag set? If it's not possible, we should not say "preserved" here.

I feel this is kinda important & unclear.

Author: This cannot be derived from the TraceFlags stored on a span context. The B3 debug flag needs to be stored somewhere, and it needs to be looked up during inject. I purposely left this ambiguous because it's an implementation detail, but this can be accomplished by storing additional state in the context returned from extract.

Reviewer: Then the word "convert" is IMHO misleading here. It sounds like that conversion would be the implementation of preserving this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MUST preserve a debug trace flag, if received, and propagate
  it with subsequent requests. Additionally, an OpenTelemetry implementation
  MUST set the sampled trace flag to true when the debug flag is set.
```

What do you think?

> * MUST not reuse `X-B3-SpanId` as the id for the server-side span.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* MUST NOT reuse `X-B3-SpanId` as the id for the server-side span.
```

* MUST default to injecting B3 using the single-header format

> * MUST provide configuration to change the default injection format to B3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SHOULD provide configuration to change the default injection format to B3
```

or is this really that important?

Author: I think this needs to be a must. There are some systems that only support the older multi-header format.

  multi-header

> * MUST omit propagating `X-B3-ParentSpanId` as OpenTelemetry does not support

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* MUST NOT propagate `X-B3-ParentSpanId` as OpenTelemetry does not support
```
